Envs for internal transactions delete queue (#66)
blockscout/docs: setup/env-variables/backend-env-variables.mdx

| `INDEXER_INTERNAL_TRANSACTION_DELETE_QUEUE_CONCURRENCY`       | Concurrency for internal transactions delete queue handler. Implemented in [#13121](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/13121).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Version: master\+ <br />Default: `1` <br />Applications: Indexer                                         |

> | `INDEXER_INTERNAL_TRANSACTION_DELETE_QUEUE_THRESHOLD`         | Threshold for internal transactions delete queue handler. Implemented in [#13121](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/13121).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Version: master\+ <br />Default: `10m` <br />Applications: Indexer                                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `INDEXER_INTERNAL_TRANSACTIONS_DELETE_QUEUE_BATCH_SIZE`        | Batch size for internal transactions delete queue handler. Implemented in [#13121](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/13121).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         | Version: master\+ <br />Default: `100` <br />Applications: Indexer                                        |
| `INDEXER_INTERNAL_TRANSACTIONS_DELETE_QUEUE_CONCURRENCY`       | Concurrency for internal transactions delete queue handler. Implemented in [#13121](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/13121).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        | Version: master\+ <br />Default: `1` <br />Applications: Indexer                                         |
| `INDEXER_INTERNAL_TRANSACTIONS_DELETE_QUEUE_THRESHOLD`         | Threshold for internal transactions delete queue handler. Implemented in [#13121](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/13121).                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          | Version: master\+ <br />Default: `10m` <br />Applications: Indexer                                         |
```
